What scriptures are you still experiencing in front of me?
Emission
I have satisfied your good celebration.
How dare you satisfy me next?
I see how you run
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
Zhou Yuxuan
You saved me. Are you okay?
It's all over
Zhou Yuxuan, do you know? I'm so scared
It's okay beautiful woman
You trust me.
It won't happen again.
miss
What time is it? I'm still sleeping in here
My brother is so poor too
Married a lazy woman like you
Such a good opportunity didn't kill missing this
Shut up.
Brother, why did you call me back?
I'm busy
Zhou Tingting
I called you back this time to inform you of one thing.
You have been famous by the Zhou family
From Now On
You are no longer my sister born in Zhou Yue
Are you crazy?
You want to cut ties with me
Aren't you afraid that your parents will be sad?
Will you dare to face them in a hundred years?
I have already reported it at my parents' graves
Zhou Tingting
A hundred years later
I can have a clear conscience. Are you busy?